README.md, before:

# <Your-Project-Title>
## Description
Provide a short description explaining the what, why, and how of your project. Use the following questions as a guide:
- What was your motivation?
- Why did you build this project? (Note: the answer is not "Because it was a homework assignment.")
- What problem does it solve?
- What did you learn?
## Table of Contents (Optional)
If your README is long, add a table of contents to make it easy for users to find what they need.
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
## Installation
What are the steps required to install your project? Provide a step-by-step description of how to get the development environment running.
## Usage
Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed.
To add a screenshot, create an `assets/images` folder in your repository and upload your screenshot to it. Then, using the relative filepath, add it to your README using the following syntax:
    ```md
    ![alt text](assets/images/screenshot.png)
    ```
## Credits
List your collaborators, if any, with links to their GitHub profiles.
If you used any third-party assets that require attribution, list the creators with links to their primary web presence in this section.
If you followed tutorials, include links to those here as well.
## License
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2021 Barry St. Pierre

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---
🏆 The previous sections are the bare minimum, and your project will ultimately determine the content of this document. You might also want to consider adding the following sections.
## Badges
![badmath](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/nielsenjared/badmath)
Badges aren't necessary, per se, but they demonstrate street cred. Badges let other developers know that you know what you're doing. Check out the badges hosted by [shields.io](https://shields.io/). You may not understand what they all represent now, but you will in time.
## Features
If your project has a lot of features, list them here.
## How to Contribute
If you created an application or package and would like other developers to contribute it, you can include guidelines for how to do so. The [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/) is an industry standard, but you can always write your own if you'd prefer.
## Tests
Go the extra mile and write tests for your application. Then provide examples on how to run them here.

Commit message:

Updated README to reflect the final version of the website.

README.md, after:

# <Your-Project-Title>
## Description
The Work Day Scheduler website allows a user to plan their day.  They can add notes for the various one-hour blocks of the work day so they can keep on schedule.  The notes are persistent across browser sessions.
    
The website can be accessed at http://bdstpierre.github.io/work-day-scheduler

[Website image](assets/images/screenshot.png

## Installation
The website can be easily installed by copying the files in this repository to your webserver.
## Usage
To use the website, just click on one of the colored blocks for the hour of interest and type in your notes.  Then click the save button on the right side of the text box.
## Credits
This website makes use of bootstrap, fontawesome, Google Fonts, jQuery and Moment.js
## License
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2021 Barry St. Pierre

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---
🏆 The previous sections are the bare minimum, and your project will ultimately determine the content of this document. You might also want to consider adding the following sections.
## Badges
![badmath](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/nielsenjared/badmath)
Badges aren't necessary, per se, but they demonstrate street cred. Badges let other developers know that you know what you're doing. Check out the badges hosted by [shields.io](https://shields.io/). You may not understand what they all represent now, but you will in time.
## Features
If your project has a lot of features, list them here.
## How to Contribute
If you created an application or package and would like other developers to contribute it, you can include guidelines for how to do so. The [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/) is an industry standard, but you can always write your own if you'd prefer.
## Tests
Go the extra mile and write tests for your application. Then provide examples on how to run them here.
